Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-
Dear reader. ask yourself.
was I not discouraged
by those cursed words?
I thought I'd never make
it back to earth again.
What. what I've written from my heart
and what I continue to
write from my heart must not
and cannot be tailored. even a stitch
to reflect either the heart of another
or the fake plastic. artificial heart
of this marketplace. which.
which was once a world.
Mm. My books can't be
edited any more than a leopard
can be manicured.
It's like Faulkner said. I get drunk.
I get mad. I get thrown from horses.
I get all sorts of things.
but I don't get edited.
I'd rather see the stable boy.
f♪♪k my wife than get edited.
It's true. Best editors. they
don't edit. they conspire
with the artists to bring freedom and gain.
Oh. now. Mr.
Farner. what were you
thinking of when you wrote that?
Money? Isn't that great?
He said money. Oh. money. That's right.
That's right. Only an artist
truly works for his loved ones
and more importantly for his descendants.
because they're the only ones that get
to see the f♪♪♪♪♪g paycheck.
We don't get paid hourly or
weekly or monthly or annually.
We get paid posthumously
when we're f♪♪♪♪♪g dead.
Let's all down. what is all this?
That.
I never get to do what I want.
and this is something that I want to do.
It's a translation of the divine comedy.
I. I. I know this poem so well.
I feel like I wrote it myself.
I I've been working on it for 10 years.
You had the lining
replace it. didn't you? Yeah.
You're still looking sharp
after all these years. Thank.
You very much.
Don't worry. kid. When the wind
hits. we'll put a coat on you.
Who's Dante?
Who's Dante? Uh.
a writer from the past.
He. he wrote a very famous poem.
the comedy later called The Divine Comedy.
Um. Yeah.
But you see Dante. he. he got trapped.
He locked himself into this
page of rhyme and meter
and where's the f♪♪♪♪♪g hope in that?
So I realized. I started
realizing he's flawed.
It's flawed because he's fought.
I didn't know what you mean.
Hey. old timer.
I young. You look like you
seen a ghost. What happened?
I killed some kid.
When? Just
now Where?
Down by the glass factory. How.
He cut his throat?
Was he from the neighborhood?
I never seen him before.
Well. where's the ship?
The knife. Where's the
knife you killed him with?
I threw it down the sewer.
Why'd you do it? You had this big knife
and asked me if I wanted to die.
So you didn't start nothing. He did?
Yeah. How you feel?
See. you're gonna make a.
you're gonna make a
career outta this or what?
You feel like a little
tough guy now. No. Good.
Because you ain't remember
what I always told you.
the golden rule. love died. neighbor.
Right. And you don't
be like this kid you ran into.
Right. You don't give no malaki to nobody.
What's what's the rest
of that? Like I told you.
Don't give no malarkey
and don't take no malarkey from nobody.
See? So you didn't take no malaki.
Right? And you are sure he
ain't from the neighborhood.
I never seen him before.
Unc. what do I have
to tell what I told you?
What would I make my confession?
What are you talking about? Confession.
From my first Holy communion.
All that. Oh.
yeah. God's everywhere.
Right. right. right. And he
hears everything. Right?
Right. He sees everything.
He hears everything.
Yes. So who's more
important? God or the priest?
God. So God just heard your confession.
Say. you said it out loud.
I I heard it. God heard it.
Hmm. So is that the way you do it?
That's the way I do it. Yeah.
Yeah. Oh. that's it. My sin is gone.
What sin? You didn't sin the little ro
pull the knife on you for no good reason.
He's the one who sinned
and God punished him.
Through you.
Thanks. Unc. We're buddies. right?
Yeah. Buddies. Just remember
what goes on between us and God.
Things like this are special.
You can't tell nobody about these things.
That's a sin. That's a bad sin.
Well. okay.
there's the sink. not black.
And wash your hands sounded dirty. Thanks.
I understood. And
above all. I was absolved.
And I never did tell
anyone that. I just admit that.
The creamy white gardenia
blossoms and the violet blossoms
and the red blossoms. and the pink blossoms
and the yellow blossoms
of countless other flowers.
and countless other
scents came forth in the sun
and shadow from the lush deep green
there stood the open monuments
to a darker magic of the sun.
The faded petroglyphs. the raised
and smoothed worn coral
altars where the maret
of human sacrifice practiced
latent into the 19th century.
and the scent of blood offering
and cannibalism. mingled with the sense
of the white blossoms
and the violet blossoms.
and the red blossoms. and the pink blossoms
and the yellow blossoms.
Oh.
There were nine skies.
not heavens. but skies.
All of what truth Dante knew
had begun with this revelation.
The first of the skies that
he had come to know had
through those years
become the rarest of all skies.
This was the great sky of the limitness.
which encompassed its coming.
Its being. it's passing and it's night.
Dante was the child
of the magical hilltop. but so was I.
And one of the nine skies is the same sky
that a man will see only
once on the day that he dies.
It was the dead of August.
That time in New York
when the daylight sky was an
oppressive. low lying glare of white.
And the dark of night was a
haze of Starless Ashton power.
Louis felt it. One with it.
He light a cigarette and drew smoke.
It was late. but not for him.
Making the rounds. my friend.
Don't call me that. Gimme
a drink and an ashtray.
Hey. we got this new grappa. It's great.
F♪♪k you. Save that s♪♪t for the suckers.
Gimme a dous and water on the rocks.
F♪♪k the ashtray. Oh. use the floor.
So how's it going. Lou? Yeah.
You know. ah. back in the
old days when I was a kid.
the old timers used to say.
the bigger the mustache.
the bigger the man.
Now. these days. I see
a guy with a mustache.
I figured he is either a
cop or a f♪♪♪♪t or both.
Well. I guess I better
shave it off. man. hon Lou.
Nah. just leave it. Your
father's a cop. right? Yeah.
Maybe you got that half
a f♪g cop streaking you.
It suits you the mustache.
You know your uncle. He's a real f♪♪k up.
I mean. don't get me
wrong. you're a f♪♪k up too.
But you're a small change.
But your uncle. he's a real
f♪♪k up. Oh. he had this joint.
He did good with it for a while.
P♪♪♪♪d everything away. gambling.
So he comes to my
friends. they help him out.
He keeps f♪♪♪♪♪g up. comes
crying to the bank over here
to cover his checks. to conned.
Every third time he gets a shut off notice.
No. my friends. they don't like that.
Hey. Lou. don't you think
you oughta put that away?
What if some cop walks by and looks in?
When was the last time you saw a cop walk?
They don't walk no more.
Ah. they go to the gym like the rest
of these fruits. but they don't walk.
Last cop I saw walking
the beat. it was a broad
five. two New York's finest.
Like your old man. A
worthless. ugly. little c♪♪t.
Anyway. my friends. they figured I
always scare into this piece of s♪♪t.
Uncle. you. maybe he'll get the message.
Hey. take it easy. huh? Take it easy.
It's like the great Buddha
said. moderation in all things.
The eight folk path You ever take it up the
ass. huh?
Or you ought to try it sometime.
I make a man outta you.
So. like I say. you
and your uncle. you're too of a kind.
too little lying general cocksuckers.
I know you've been robbing them.
selling the stock to other joints.
You know. a few bottles here.
a few bottles. that chicken s♪♪t stuff.
But then again. you're a
little chicken s♪♪t. c♪♪♪♪♪♪♪♪r.
And your mother. God rest
her soul was a c♪♪♪♪♪♪♪♪r too.
and not a very good one at that.
A funny. funny looking. you know that?
How'd you get abroad to marry you?
She must be a worst
f♪♪♪♪♪g loser than you are.
I mean. I never seen
her. your kids neither.
You got a picture?
Yeah.
Is this sir?
Yeah. She's funny looking too.
You know. you look like one of them.
Uh. what do you call them?
Uh. one of them ferrets.
And she looks like a pig.
You cross a donkey and
a horse. you get a mule.
Guess this is what you get when you cross
a ferret and a pig. huh?
How old's the little girl?
She'll be 10 next month.
Well. like I said. I. I never met him.
Maybe I should take a trip
out to Jersey one of these days.
Pay my respects. And how
old's the little girl? You said 10.
It's funny. you know. the older you get.
the younger you like.
You mean.
What is it you want me to do First?
And like the arresting officer says.
think about this carefully
before you answer.
because it may be the most important
answer you ever given your life.
How much money is in this dump right now?
Just to take from the night? About 1200.
That's pathetic. It's all
credit cards these days.
How much of this 1200 you already dip into?
You took it already.
Lou. Empty your pockets.
Now. Where's the rest of the 1200?
It's in the kitchen. Let's go.
All right. I.
you remember we were talking
about making a man outta you?
Get on your f♪♪♪♪♪g knees.
But he will do anything you want me to do.
Just f♪♪♪♪♪g do it
now.
Hold your ankles nice and
tight like a good little girl.
Perfect.
Nice.
I now speak to you as an
a OL Time Warner product.
I never envisioned that
I would live long enough
to say these words. which both repulse
and strangely amuse me.
Imagining ends
and fortune bears two faces. neither
of which is unveiled until the end.
The veil has not yet been lifted.
But I can and will tell
you what brought me here.
Yeah. she's mine.
I recognize that melancholy in her.
Oh. f♪♪k. Um. let me
take care of her tuition.
Don't tell her though.
Okay. I'm gonna take care.
She wants to be an
archeologist. That's nice.
There's more coming too.
What else am I gonna do?
Drink myself to death with it.
Just take it.
I'm gonna get you some more. Okay.
Uh.
At first she called me Nick.
and then she started to call me daddy.
And she asked me if it
was all right to call me that.
And I told her it was the
best thing that I'd ever heard.
When I kissed her goodbye. I realized
that her smile no longer
had that secret melancholy
that I had sensed when
I first saw her image.
And I wondered how long it had been gone.
Hers was the smile of beatitude.
and I felt blessed that
a part of me was of her.
and that through her. this part
of me would be something
better than I would ever be.
And through her. it would savor a purity
of breath that I would never know.
I don't know what my own smile looked
like. but it felt good.
And then it was over.
and I never caught the
m♪♪♪♪♪♪♪♪♪♪r who did it.
I feel nothing of these open rocks
or of your kindness.
F♪♪k you God.
F♪♪k you.
Yeah.
I just ordered a pizza.
Nice to see you. Lou.
Is that real Rembrandt self-portrait?
You know. if I had have smelled like
that when I was doing a self-portrait.
I think I would've done a little cosmetic
surgery with the paint there.
What's something like that worth?
I do. You put it price something. Beauty.
Do you like that painting?
To be perfectly honest. no.
I think it's an ugly piece of
s♪♪t. and I know you do too.
Otherwise. you'd have
put it on the wall over there.
You could see it. You gotta
hanging over your head here like
a crown for other people to see.
10 million bucks worth of
ugly. Can you believe that s♪♪t?
Strange f♪♪♪♪♪g world
Lou. Strange f♪♪♪♪♪g world.
Well. at least I know you
didn't pay no 10 million bucks
for it. but that kind of money
you could get something good.
I know you are right.
What I'm saying is it's crazy
what people will pay for.
And it's strange what people pay a lot for.
When I say a lot. I mean a lot.
This is why I've f♪♪♪♪d
up your pizza tonight. Lou.
I f♪♪♪♪d up your pizza to tell you.
You're gonna be a very wealthy man.
This may be the hardest
work you've ever done.
but when it's done. if
we bring this one home.
you'll never have to
pull another trigger again
in your life except to
go out in a tweed jacket
and clip a pheasant.
This is Big Lou.
How big Bigger than anyone ever
dreamt anything could be.
What kind of money are we talking.
Your end?
My end Between one
and 2 million. maybe more tax free.
Nice clean bills.
What do I gotta do? Kill an army.
I'm gonna have to HA few miles.
a few lullabies along the way.
When's payday? A few months after we start?
When do we start? Soon.
I just got the word I was waiting for then.
I called you lefties. bringing in this guy.
He knows some rider. a friend of his half.
Legit the key guy. We need
to move this thing along.
Friend of his. well. we got
friends now. Who is this guy?
I don't know some guy named Nick.
Nick. Nick. This is a
world of f♪♪♪♪♪g Nicks.
What? What is this? What the f♪♪k?
Do you care what his name is?
Oh. it ain't got nothing
to do with nobody's name.
It's the word friend.
Look. like I said. for now. take it easy.
There's 10 grand. Consider it a friend. No.
Better yet. just think of it as mommy
Joe. my friend.
He caught the last of the
seventh. The pizza was good.
One. two.
Hello. Hello. This is
Nick Natasha's office.
Yeah. no s♪♪t. Who's this?
You must be Mr. Dashes. Excuse me.
What? Where's Anna?
I'm Julietta. Anna is in the hospital.
She has preeclampsia.
What? She's pregnant. Preeclampsia.
Her baby was in danger. She's not here.
I'm taking over for her.
Taking over. Yes. Mr. Tashas.
I'm her cousin from Italy.
Look. you call me
Mr. Tasha's. One more time.
I'm gonna have a
hemorrhoid. You're her cousin.
You can call me Nick.
What? What is she? All right.
She's in good hands. And so are you.
Okay? Any money come in.
Just a few small checks
and an offer in from
Germany for about 3000 marks.
Okay? Anything else? Yes.
You've missed a couple of deadlines
and your editor would like
to schedule an appointment with you.
That was a month ago.
Did you received the emails? You were CC'd?
Yes. Yeah. I did. I did.
Uh. you know how to type. don't you?
Every word I say verbatim. You ready?
Uh. I'm ready. Okay.
Um. dear Tom. I
got to pondering your request
for a subtitle on the cover
of the book until I saw the
light and the most wholly
and terrible of all things came forth.
Honesty. Your idiotic suggestion
of a subtitle on the books covered denoting
that it's nonfiction is the
dumbest thing I've ever heard.
Are you sure. Mr. I mean. I need.
you don't wanna take this
over for a while. Maybe you.
Die. Please just
write. Okay.
God forbid someone should
browse a book and actually buy it.
And who gives a f♪♪k?
Anyway? It's just a f♪♪♪♪♪g book.
Yours sincerely. Nick.
Are you sure about this?
Yes. Thank you. Julietta. Bye.
Still to come. Jody Snick. guys.
Tanya back. Hello.
Gentlemen.
Is that real Rembrandt self-portrait?
Do you like that painting. Nick?
I gotta tell you. to
me it's a piece of s♪♪t.
I mean. don't get me wrong. I'd love
to own it just long enough to sell it.
But. but no. no.
To be perfectly honest.
no. I don't like it. I think.
We're gonna get along.
You two obviously know
nothing about painting.
What about the divine
comedy? You like that Nick?
Yeah. Yeah. I like. I
used to love it now. I like it.
What changed? You look
at anything long enough.
no matter how beautiful it is.
you see what's wrong with it.
A broad poem. Your life.
You look at anything long
enough. you see what's wrong with it.
How would you like to
look at the real thing?
What do you mean the real thing?
The real thing. The original manuscript.
Doesn't exist.
Probably got thrown into a fireplace
to keep somebody warm about 620 years ago.
Yeah. There isn't even anything
that Dante ever wrote
in his own hand. Nothing.
If it did exist. how much
do you think would be worth?
It'd be priceless. A thousand
of those f♪♪♪♪♪g things.
Maybe. I mean.
it'd be the greatest
literary treasure of all time.
It'd be like the Vatican trying
to put a price on Michelangelo's Pieta.
Not possible. It's unthinkable.
Nobody could even afford it.
We'll make it affordable.
I'll lay it out for you.
There was a guy called Don Leko
under his own family roof.
He shot and killed his own father
who had disgraced his beloved mother.
Afterwards. he dragged the body out
and laid it on the street
close to the front door.
which he left open.
Yes.
In the days that
followed. he killed all those
who had come from near
and far to claim the body
and deliver a respectful burial.
They all laid. bloated.
and rotting until the street
was filled with the stink
and garbage of their bodies.
Finally. there came three
gentlemen from Palermo.
not dressed in the suits of mourning black.
but in the suits of white linen.
Only the one who was the
leader raised an open hand
to the arm man in the doorway.
These men did not
remove their hats in respect
as they stood at a distance
from the now putrid body
of this man they had served.
This is how Don Leko
became the father of that town.
controlling it for many
years with loving hands.
That was a long time ago.
Few could recall the bloodshed.
most remembered is kindness.
So anyways. he takes in this young kid
who he thought had potential for the life
by being the bookish type.
The kid only wanted to serve God.
So Don Leko ends up setting him up. working
for the Vatican with a good job.
Of course. Don Leco eventually figures out
that the kid is probably
not gonna be a big earner.
But then he hits pay dirt.
Camin Dita. the
original manuscript of Dante.
All's Divine Comedy.
So I want you to go there.
get it. and bring it back.
Hey. you ever take that flying
sine can to Palomo? Yeah.
I hit that flight. F♪♪k. I can't handle it.
That's Why I got is this Gulf Stream.
Please Wait until we're off the ground.
Shut up. Keep your eyes on the road.
A thousand year old house.
Thousand year old trees.
The priest looks.
About a thousand years old too.
Don. let.
I can.
Uh. Hey. we have a cup of tea. Thanks.
Fa.
Over there.
That's it.
Do you feel that is all right?
I feel that all is right.
Thanks.
Put the box in the bag.
Come on. Come on. Let's go.
Let's go.
Passport.
Hey. come here.
Good. Come on.
Help move with this. Come on. come.
Thanks. The bags in the back.
Got the bags.
This is living kid
almost over the Atlantic.
Thanks.
Why'd you kill the Dog?
Why'd I kill the dog? Because
dogs bark.
Ah. You know
this Don Leco thing.
Probably gonna start a
war over there in Palermo.
You asked me about the mutt.
We don't need some mutt
barking in us while we're sneaking
our way out of a massacre.
Simple as that.
You like dogs?
Of Course I like dogs.
Yeah. me too. I don't
like those little f♪♪k
hidden mutant things.
You know. you see in New
York. I don't think real dogs want
to be cooped up in apartments.
I think people that. uh. people
that they keep big dogs
locked up in the city are stupid
creeps that are killing their own
dogs. but they're doing it slow.
Now. if I lived in the
country. I would've a dog.
but I would've a real dog.
Like the. like the one we just shot.
What do you mean the one
we shot? I didn't shoot that dog.
You did.
You're an accessory.
You're an accessory to
murder on the first degree.
Ooh.
Ah. You know. it's disgusting though.
You know those broads
that hold the newspapers
under the dog's asses?
You know when the dog takes a s♪♪t
or you see some really good
looking piece of head walking by
and you see she's got a little plastic bag
of dog s♪♪t in her hand.
I think anybody who knowingly
has any physical contact
with a dog. s♪♪t. rod
is definitely f♪♪♪♪♪g sick.
Guy who f♪♪♪s a stiff. ain't
nothing compared to a guy
who holds hands with a dog.
S♪♪t. rod.
You ever do that?
Do Do what?
F♪♪k a step. Nah.
but I thought about it and a few
times I took their underwear.
They were underwear.
Nah. I used it to jerk off.
No. they were real dolls.
Ain't like I get sent out to do a lot
of good looking broads anyway.
Shall listen. Be a lady of the court.
In always planets.
Dear Gemma.
Who is he?
He. he's the young master
of the high born line of Aller
by Christian name Durant.
Tar.
Why has my hair not like
Rubis spun or my eyes green
or my skin fair as a noonday cloud.
At the sight of Beatrice
young. Dante wrote. behold
a deity stronger than I who
coming shall rule over me.
What at first sight.
he was crazy about her.
What happened to Beatrice?
What happened? Well. Dante's first book.
the whole poem is a song for her.
Though they never spoke. She died
young before they ever had a chance.
But she lived in his book.
She was his guide through paradise.
The other one. Gemma.
He married her and never
wrote a word about her.
G♪♪♪o.
You have revealed yourself
to be no one's friend but your own.
For I've been damned
by the very lips. my son.
It's to to side.
There are six priors.
I am. but one. would you have me stand
in defiance of the others?
The people of Florence chose this. not I.
My dear Dante. a signed
messenger of the heart.
No more. He believes
his couplets of karitas
and love move.
The world stands here before me
and proclaims them to weak to move.
But a few of his fellowmen.
I was once a father more
dear to you than your own.
When does you suffer
to serve? Drive you out.
Find the nameless man
who calls himself Isaiah.
That's my last gift to you.
The delegation has arrived. Your holiness.
Ah. bird of Florence.
My legates returned to me.
Unheated bearing
intelligence that thy republic
wishes more autonomy
to conduct its own affairs.
And yet the absence of one
master has made masters of all
what say you of this.
A tree is known by its fruit
and our republic's bs bend with sweets.
your holiness craves.
Perhaps I should give my
septer over to the race of poets.
Were your rhymes finished St.
Peter's dome Or pay my
soldiers in the holy land?
Perhaps when reclining
on the slopes of panasas.
thou may have set thy
utopian fancies in verse.
As for Florence. no gentle
inducement will make lion lay with lamb.
The city burns. And I wary of its smoke.
Ash makes little smoke and pour fuel.
If this be so.
I absolve you from sight of such calamity.
How so? Your holiness.
I grant a boon in
exchange for thy incident.
As such native talent
renders you ill suited
for the bane of public service.
Florence deserves
the not forget her for it.
Is she that has betrayed you
though I pass her sentence.
Forgive me your holiness.
If I have spoken rashly.
Turn from her as lot did and
gaze not in remembrance.
Lest true soul become a
pillar of salty tears that hinder
the sweetness of
diverse for death.
Awaits thy homecoming.
They place the mark of cane upon me.
Apart from my site.
You are ordered to vacate
the premises immediately.
Whose authority? Mine the Pope.
You have 20 minutes to get all you
and your children can carry
a car awaits you to take you
to the estate of can
Grande de Scala of Verona.
Upon the ground.
those terrorists terrorist.
Is it hell that welcomes th n
or will thou gaze heavenward.
Beware.
Last thy wondering. Aye.
Fall upon your wife's despair.
Your friend Ka is dead.
Dead.
Is not the blood of friendship.
of greater value than
the honey point of Earth.
My dear dead ante. Forgive me.
Had I not made such a fool of myself.
maybe you would still be alive.
I will find the man with no
name who calls himself Isaiah.
Sophia. Is that
true mother?
Yet the children
of my kind turn from her never to know her.
Pharaoh. as the book of Exodus tells us.
killed every firstborn among the Jews.
but the false God of this new world.
which is gross
commerce shall claim them all.
Every born and no Moses
said. set a drift in
swaddling amid the bull.
Rushes shall escape.
And Lead and rejoin them to God.
The Arab is the.
for a Christian to be in
communion with a Jew.
with the seeking of what
the church may see as magic.
most heretical on holy
and black. it can
mean anima and death.
First they would kill me and then you
by this oath. we both
might be saved from death.
So we might then live to die.
No word or gesture had
ever stricken me so deeply
in this seeming dismissal.
I felt more shame than
anger my soul roiled with fear
and unsureness
and damnations of this lesson in the form
of a silent blow of nothingness.
In they turn over
in.
Authenticated.
What do you mean authenticated?
Looks pretty old to me.
Yeah. it looks old to me
too. It looks real to me.
But that ain't enough. We need paperwork.
high class paperwork.
As much as we can get.
Oh s♪♪t.
Here I am committing nine
kinds of mortal f♪♪♪♪♪g sins
and taking all kinds of
non-smoking plane rides.
And this thing might not even be real.
I gotta tell you. I'm
truly getting sick of this.
No smoking s♪♪t. Don't
Worry. Louie. I can take care of
this part myself.
I think if. if we're gonna
do this. we should do it right.
You know. Nick. he
knows how to do it right.
That's why he is here. We. we.
At least gotta prove that
this thing was written at the
same time that Dante wrote it.
And how do we do that?
Carbon 14 dating watermarks.
We take it to the University of Arizona
and then to this place in Illinois.
That's the most respected
technical analysis joint in the world.
But first I gotta go back to Italy
and I gotta get dated
documents written when
and where Dante would've written this.
That way the ink and the
parchment could be compared.
Then I'll have the
watermarks on the paper dated.
There is no handwriting
of Dante's with which
to compare this handwriting.
So we need as much circumstantial evidence.
as much authentication as possible.
And how are you going to
get these dated documents?
Steal them. Look. I don't care.
I don't care where you're
from. I know where I like to stay.
I've been going there for 20 years.
You know. you're
supposed to know this stuff.
I'm on my way to the airport right now.
You should have just called
Anna like I asked you to.
Well. I don't know. We'll
have time for that later.
No. no I didn't.
Alright. Okay. Alright.
Hey look. it's okay. It's okay.
Calm down. I'm sorry.
I'm sorry. I know you knew.
Did. did you send out that
letter? Good. Thank you.
I'll call you when I get to
the. uh. to the other side.
All right. Just don't forget
to bring my prescription.
Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.
Senior. Yes. Nice to meet you. Nice.
To meet you too. As I
mentioned. I'm looking to. uh. examine
official documents from the
court of Con Grand La Scala. uh.
between the years of 1313. 1315.
Right This way.
It might be tomorrow.
I.
Everything okay? Oh.
This is. this is exactly
what I was looking for.
See you later. That It
a key iv dea. same blue suit.
Same story. This time
I lifted documents from
13. 16. 13. 18. and 1321.
Documents executed by G♪♪♪o.
No Deta. Correct? Correct.
Thank you very much.
My pleasure. sir.
Hello. Julieta? Yeah.
What. what. what the hell's
going on? Where are you?
Is everything okay? The.
the concierge just told me
you canceled our rooms.
Do you have my prescription?
Okay. Should I go there?
Alright. What's the address?
Do you have a. have a piece of paper?
What is it? Mm-Hmm.
Are you right? Yeah. Forgive me. sorry.
It's just. um.
something familiar about this place.
It's just. uh. I don't know.
Reminds me of something
I can't quite get a grip on.
Familiar. How?
I don't know. It just
happens to me sometimes.
Kind of wisp of a memory
that can't be caught
before it fades away.
Well. familiar is good like home.
That's why I brought you here.
Why? 'Cause I live here.
I always lived here. The
seasons change. but nothing else.
I came to New York to help Anna.
Yeah. Look. Uh. I'm sorry. I was such a You.
Don't apologize A♪♪♪♪♪e.
Anna's like family. So.
If you trusted her. you'll trust me.
Come.
Yeah. I guess it's nice to
have a home to come back to.
I never had that.
Maybe you do and you just dunno it.
Wow. Good. That's.
Pretty good.
I was never the domestic type.
But I look at you that way
and I think. I don't know.
maybe I could have done that.
Maybe I was a fool.
Maybe you were. Maybe you still can be.
You're definitely a fool.
Wow. You know. no matter
how far away from home you go. you look up.
And the moon's always got the same face.
That.
Unless it is obscured by a cloud.
Mm-Hmm. Maybe the cloud is jealous.
Mm-Hmm mm-Hmm.
The moon itself waxes with envy
as you've stolen her radiance.
And unlike the fountain's frail image.
you shine unbroken.
When I touch the water.
Feel how though my lips are
silent. my heart answers.
One lead and speak only breathe.
If I could write paradise.
she is what I would write.
But my sins meant there
was no time to waste.
When I looked upon her beauty.
I realized I was the only stain.
And so I left her then vowing
to save her from the knife wielding
child that lay within me.
I didn't deserve her and she didn't
deserve the trouble I was bringing.
Here in the middle family.
Oh Yeah. Wasn't my Yeah.
The late 14th century.
the finest paper was
produced here in Fabriano.
See. many courts in noble families began
to order fine paper bearing
elements of their own crests
or seals to distinguish
that paper from all others.
Huh?
Um. have a look at this.
What do you see there?
Uh. this paper is of
especially excellent quality.
This phila here. look
right here. excuse me.
represents the eagle that G♪♪♪o
bo for his coat of arms.
You see.
Look. Mm-Hmm.
The same eagle.
And it was received at
Fabian on the 1st of May. 1321.
And it was delivered on the third day
of the following month in bin.
And How about these?
Well. actually. is this as the same order?
Uh. was a. a small order
that was placed only. only once.
Very good. Very Good.
Well. thank you very much.
Yeah. you're welcome.
Fascinating stuff. Yeah.
Good Day. Uh.
Lefty is looking better. don't you think?
Yeah. Yeah.
You know. I've seen guys go through this
and I've seen the guys that beat it.
And I can tell you right
now. lefty. you got it.
Beat that tit. Soon here.
yours will be back in no time.
You know. you're turning
into a real pain in the ass
to clean up after with
all this authentication s♪♪t.
What are Talking about?
What am I talking about?
I'm talking about the
f♪♪♪♪♪g guy in Verona.
The Brioni suit and the ti shoes.
Talking about the guy in Ravena
and that assistant of his
who brought you that of s♪♪t?
I had to put the two and them in a
sack together at gunpoint.
You know what a pain in the ass that is?
Both of them jumping around.
They're on their knees. begging. p♪♪♪♪♪g.
crying all over the f♪♪♪♪♪g place.
Rod had a wedding ring on.
Are you. I guess her
husband's taking a little heat right now.
Are you f♪♪♪♪♪g crazy
or just playing stupid?
These people got
nothing to do with nothing.
These people are just innocent. Nobodies.
Innocent. What the
f♪♪k does innocent
gotta do any of this s♪♪t?
How come some lackey librarian
gets $5.000 suits and. and.
and. and shoes that cost three grand?
Who knows what these people
are or who they're talking to?
Okay? You are the one
leaving tracks here. Nikki.
I'm just covering them up.
Tracks. What tracks
you are leaving A trail of blood
where there's nothing but dust.
Geez. Stop. Will you trail of blood?
Gimme a f♪♪♪♪♪g break. This
s♪♪t don't even make the papers.
This s♪♪t is just forms
that don't get filled out. It's nothing.
Whoever can possibly even
remotely connect us with
that manuscript. Taboo two.
Taboo two. Why?
Why we managed to
get this thing out of Italy
where the state would've claimed it.
No one knows it exists. No
one knows it ever existed.
One cannot steal what's never been missing.
One cannot steal what has
never existed as it stands now.
this thing is ours and it is clean
and it has never been stolen.
And it is beyond the reach
of any national claim to it.
And there is no criminal
taint on it whatsoever either
on it or our possession of it.
The manuscript is clean and we are clean
and we can bring this off clean.
Well. there is one thing
before we start saying grace
and singing hymns.
There are people who
know of its existence. uh.
friends in Palermo who connected us with it
and who are in for half of whatever.
We clear.
Well then why don't you
start killing them instead
of a bunch of f♪♪♪♪♪g librarians?
What about that guy in Fabriano?
Yeah. He got away.
He went straight from you
to the airport named Kona
gone before I knew it. Well.
At least that's one thing
that didn't get f♪♪♪♪d up.
You see. this is the kind of
authentication that we need.
Two more analysis and. and we're all set.
But the sources of this
authentication can turn up dead.
What? Come on.
Don't you think that the
almost simultaneous murders
of two library directors might
be seen as somehow related?
No. I don't. I.
It's senseless and it's gotta stop.
We can't sell this thing with documents
of authentication from
internationally known experts
that happen to have
just been murdered right
after examining this manuscript.
It's insane. Look. we're we're.
we're getting into a whole
new different world now.
There's gotta be no more
blood and no more gunfire.
Well. I'm good with that.
I mean. it's not like I
enjoy doing this s♪♪t.
Forget about this guy and fao.
Um. what about this broad in Ravenna?
That's she. she's got
nothing to do with nothing.
That's my own personal life.
I'm not on my tab is. is
I'll tell you something else.
guys who work for me.
They got no personal lives.
It's like they say Nikki.
loose lips. sink ships.
So finish up this authentication business.
then we'll find our buyer
and then we'll all whistle a married tune.
You seem to come to me as one in morning.
I threw my work away.
Did I ask you to do that?
And you were right too. It
was the vain glory of myself.
I thought it was about the woman I love.
but I barely knew her.
We must not mistake the revelation
that our being is bereft for
the delusion that we have lost.
That of which we've always been bereft.
Such a revelation is a
blessing. It's not to be mourned.
Countless words of love have I read
that flowed from my pen.
Like drool from the mouth of wanna sleep
and yet not one for her
who has born me daughter and sons
and have born my fate
of exile and hers as well.
What do I know of love?
My heart is but counterfeit.
I have put half of humankind in hell
and with like strokes of quill
looked down upon them
aloof and unreachable like God.
Oh God is not aloof.
Everything that breeds is God.
God is man.
This is heresy.
I think none of it is as
trespass. Think of it as entry.
'Cause yes. every man's true
and only Savior dwells within himself.
Whether he discovers him and be saved
or discovers him not and be damned.
And God is.
Aura. Anima.
Breath and soul.
It's a breeze. Sophia wisdom
under every name. wisdom is feminine.
She's a woman. And she
was betrayed by the very verses
with which you wrote her chains.
You dared to give form to the formless.
Chains to the Breeze.
Well. this breath is the only
gift to see. One life we have.
And there's no promise of the next life.
Is is butter breeze a child
brought to the grave after.
but a few summers may having drawn.
but a single breath under
the sky of limitness be said
to have lived a longer
and fuller life than he even if he be king.
who is reckoned to have a hundred years.
You know what our main folly is?
Tell me Tempest fut. Time flies.
What is what they say? But it is breath.
That is the winged
thing. It's breath that flies.
Time is the folly of our own
vein making and delusion.
This anxiety that has come
to rule the pulse and rob the breath.
We have been given the infinite
and we have turned from it an ever
increasing haste and life.
It makes its way to the idiot
pyre whose graceless rotis me
command a greater awe
than to the perfect rotations
of the eternal heavens themselves.
We forgot about breath.
The first line of genesis
does not say. it says Elim
created the heaven and
earth not God. but god's
and the very next line
and the spirit. wind
of the god's moved upon
the face of the abyss.
The translator is a traitor.
All that breeds upon this earth is God.
Is he also the author of torment. eternal.
the creator of evil.
Nothing that draws inward
from fear is from God
or of good. but only love
most pure. which in its truth
destroyed all fear and brought
forth love and life in turn.
And your search come forth from the tomb
of your seeking into the light
and be filled with the scent
of the every blade of grass.
of your soul and the every moment of life.
Come forth and embrace her.
Hey. I told you we
won't get into this joint.
If you're caring. you might
as well just stay behind.
I'm not supposed to let
that thing outta my sight.
Well. I guess nobody trusts my side. Hello?
It ain't that. Look. you
do what you want to do.
I can't tell when you're
shadowing me anyway.
I'm just telling you. you come near this
place with that f♪♪♪♪♪g piece.
They're gonna do a whole lot
more than ask you to check it at the door.
What If you don't come back?
Who's gonna look after me?
If I go? Who remains?
If I remain. who goes.
I want know for your f♪♪♪♪♪g riles.
Just get it done.
So this is it. Our tandem accelerator.
mass spectrometer is the most powerful
and accurate means of radiocarbon dating
that has yet to be developed.
It's here. We've dated the Sea Scrolls.
This is the place that
conclusively expose the sh shadow
to the fabrication of the middle agents.
This is the place.
So how. how does it work?
Carbon from dating measures
a radioactive of carbon
that was formed in trace amounts.
but the effect of cosmic craze
and atmospheric nitrogen
eon things that were once alive
or that contained material
that was once alive. right?
By detecting and measuring
the proportion of the isotope.
which decreased set known rate
following the death of the living thing.
The death of the living thing in the
thing to the known abundance.
This is where he lost me.
But I did like that s♪♪t
about the cosmic rays.
So what would that be.
Peter? The
result.
1315213. 1880.
Thank you Very much. My pleasure.
Tray settlements. chemical
analysis of ink pigment.
plant eyes scanning electron microscopy.
et cetera. et cetera. et cetera.
It was a beautiful thing
anyways. onto Chicago
where it would be assumed a forgery
until every possible test could prove
otherwise. everything they
threw at it came back a yes.
Alright. thank you very much.
Have a good day. Thank you.
You too.
Taboo. too.
Scary word meaning death.
It was a long time since I heard that word
was the most ominous
and unsettling word in the Sicilian tongue.
Not only the threat. but
the promise of deliverance.
This is no tale that began on a
remembered sweet afternoon.
This is a tale that began
six days ago. Taboo two.
Bruce. it's me again. I know. I know.
I don't care. Sell it.
I Sell it and wire the money
into Juliette's account.
All of it. I know.
I'm gonna call her right now and
I'm gonna give you the transfer number.
I can't explain that to you
right now. You'll hear from me.
So you left it in Chicago. Ah.
S♪♪t.
You know all that fancy authentication.
S♪♪t. Who's talking
to you?
It had to be left.
I had to leave it. Yeah. I
thought you said this guy
had a head on his shoulders.
Hey. we.
Hey you.
They. they don't make house
calls with. what's the thing?
You said stuff the size of a room. huh?
They don't make house calls
with stuff the size of a room.
John Electron scanning
microscopic champions does.
Nick knows what he's
talking about. And he's right.
What do you wanna do? You want
to take this thing down to Canal Street?
Sell it on the sidewalk
next to some guy pedaling.
knockoff Rolexes.
Look. if. if you guys want me outta this.
just gimme my money now.
I was on your side. Nikki.
I was on your side the whole
way. You. you know the score.
It was Joe Black's ball game.
but I was your f♪♪♪♪♪g rabbi the whole way.
And then after I did my
thing goodbye Nikki. Right?
Not if I had my way buddy.
Not if I had my way. All.
Those words come quick and easy.
Would you jump in my grave so fast?
Look at me. I am.
Let's bring this home together. You and me.
You gotta be f♪♪♪♪♪g kidding.
You'd be the first one
they'd come looking for
and you're full of s♪♪t anyway.
'Cause you'd be right
there with him. Looking.
For me. Nicky.
I put a hole where his soul used to.
Bet he didn't want to. I don't talk that
Harris. I went to hide
in rude. NYA.
Street Of the drone.
Hey. it's okay. Hey.
I don't need anything.
I don't.
There are species of
animals that have been known
to kill their own kind
for food or for territory.
but it is the pathology of religion
that has made man the
most unnatural and ungodly
and self slaughtering a species.
Boom. boom.
The sounds of monotheism.
the root of all evil.
Uh. F♪♪k. f♪♪k
f♪♪♪♪♪g s♪♪t.
The f♪♪k
My love for Julietta was like a sickness
of which she was caused
and also the remedy.
So I refused the medicine. I
didn't know what would kill me.
First fear or my longing for the woman.
I love too much to love.
The FBI.
Oh my God.
Hi. Hey.
Been worried sick. I. I thought it was me.
I thought. listen. Nick.
Baby. I miss you.
Yeah. I can't stop thinking about you.
I. I feel. I feel the same way.
I I've just. I've been so sick without you.
But listen. there's.
there's no time for that.
I. there's. there's
something I need to tell you.
It's very important. I need
you to do something for me.
I need you to lie for me.
I need you to call Russ
and tell him that you
think I had an early morning
appointment at the World
Trade Center yesterday.
And you're worried. Okay. I
I'm not. I'm no good at
lying and I barely know.
Ruta. Maybe you should call
Russ baby. No. no.
I. it it wouldn't work with Russ.
You're the only one that
can do it. You have to do it.
I need you. I need you.
Well. you do it for me. please.
If you want. you can just say
that you think you heard
me setting up a meeting
with somebody downtown and.
and you haven't heard from me since.
I'm gonna wire some
money into your account.
Next time you see me. I need
you to bring me 20.000 in cash.
Will you. will you please. please do it?
Yes. But why? Because I need to be dead.
I woke to the sky of summoning.
It was then that I was
ready to lift my pen.
Not as a sore shouldered
and world weary field man. his sigh.
But as a reaper of marvels rising to behold
before him as far as he could.
The rarest of uterine velum.
Even our gito has never
worked upon the page as such.
But his colors will
take as glorious to this
as paint to le scent.
Plaster as vision to cloud.
Your poem shall in a casket
of carved chestnut tree hinged with gold.
only the fair translucent skin of baye
and her virginity could have
yielded more fitting Though
for whatever of need or
desire may come your way.
the world shall have your power.
You've given everything and more.
I simply do not understand a single year
to write the purgatorial.
And it has been six years since.
Paradiso is still unfinished.
I simply do not understand.
Good Afternoon.
Susan. Pleased to meet.
You. Pleased to meet you. Thank
you for seeing me.
Pleasure. You have intrigued me.
The disappearance of all these
autographs has fascinated me
since my university days.
Mm. What about the
discovery of such a manuscript?
That would be a discovery of
an unimaginable importance.
It would also be. um. a
most. um. controversial one.
challenging even the best among us.
Because of course. there is
no way to verify the end writing
of Dante as there is no
specimen. which to compare it.
No. no. I believe there's.
if I'm not mistaken.
just one reference to his handwriting.
Nicolo Nicoli about
80 years after his death.
Seal.
That would be a wonder unto itself.
Seal. propel
or unstable PE sergeant
that is. I believe is seal.
How much you know that?
Because it appears on the final
manuscript of the inferno
above the poet's signature.
It partly obscures the words. Don.
have a look here.
It'll take days of
careful examination.
But I can assure you our
collection here in Venice is
vast and ancient
collected since the days of
pet its founder.
If you. if you would be so
kind as to leave these copies.
of course. I I may be of help.
Good. And I. uh. as I said
before. I appreciate your
discretion as I represent a client
that wishes to remain anonymous. Of.
Course. of course. Good.
Well. thank you. Good luck.
Thank you. Thank you. Mr.
Sandberg. Elliot
Sandberg. Thank you Elliot.
Thank you Dr. Aliche. Thank you.
What are you doing here? Me mother. I came
to warn you what the man has shown you.
Who put your career in the grave or worse.
Rosario. That's nonsense.
This is my day of reckoning.
Don't you realize it?
Prove my theory is real.
All those who mocked my thesis.
they will show come their own D.
Money.
I felt the need to protect
you when he fell in love.
But now I'm going to teach you
what their world is really about.
Your manuscript. the
priest of Omo found it first
and give it to Don Leko.
The men who killed them stole it
and you suffered the same fate.
I don't believe it. What don't you believe?
The priest willed
to the library knowing
it'll pass into your care
is straight protege.
The man you just saw
got to him before all age.
The pulia will fail as they haven't been.
Bring justice to the others.
See for yourself. whatever
name he gave you is false.
It will be sold on the black market.
You don't that.
You don't. you can't touch with that.
Come on. You can't done that.
Years ago I wrote a book
called Power on Earth.
a book about the shadowland realms of Mico.
the infamous Sicilian financeer.
It was believed to occupy
the throne at the heart
of the world's evil.
The secret crossroads were the three beasts
of international finance.
The mafia and the Vatican come together.
Much of what Sandona told
may seem outlandish. incredible
ravings and rantings of an
imprisoned man who knew
that he would never
draw a free breath again.
Over the course of our prison
meeting. Sandona asked me
to deliver brief cryptic
messages to this man.
And I delivered those messages.
That is what I call him.
He's young around your age.
He can do anything. What he didn't know.
I taught him and he's like me.
He plays alone.
If you lose me. take the manuscript
to this address outside of Rome.
This man will help you.
He's the only one you can trust.
If I lose you.
You won't lose me.
What would it be worth?
Do you have such a thing? No.
Uh. then why ask If I did have it?
I don't think it would slip my memory.
This is all theoretical.
There exists not a single scrap of anything
that Dante ever wrote in his own
hand. You know that. I know that.
Well. I can call someone
in Italy and get back to you.
Alright David? Yes.
Whatever you do. please tell
no one you've spoken to me.
David Hanker organized an anonymous liaison
with a man from Christie's.
the chief consultant
for rare manuscripts.
He flew in on a private jet from London.
Within hours of hearing the news.
I knew the thing was priceless.
but I also knew that only.
Christie's could put a price on it.
I represent a very. very private collector.
Yes. of course. sir.
Property of a gentleman.
Indeed. How. how did you come by this.
Very careful in.
Bring me to the end of your long song.
No one. no eyes
or voice has apart from my own is seen
or pronounced these words so that
what I've left unfinished
might not be known.
Remember. ours is a note sealed by death.
Your words shall remain
secret beneath my breast.
There's no shame in creating as you have.
If you do not bring
forth what is within you.
What is within you will destroy you.
If you bring forth with is
within you. it will save you.
Then what would you desire?
That I might see what you did see?
And close th eyes and see.
oh. lu.
God is breathed into you and from you.
He's allowed you this
gentle lifting of the veil.
of the expressible
you have served and you have suffered.
Would you let it stand.
As I have not written at it?
It is a matter that only you. the orator
of its deliverance can justly decide
as it has been said that
the choice is a simple one.
You lie and you'd be damned to hell.
You tell the truth and you'd be crucified.
You have entered the sigh.
You have become the poem.
I shall return your gift with a gift.
I thank you. This.
this book from him will
serve an entrance to him.
And the goal is the journey ahead.
There are a few clues I
could. I could offer for I myself.
I never pursued the journey.
Why haven't you? I was
not one of the very few.
I Why should I labor.
Us? Because
he can see.
If I find him. You will find him.
Is there any message I should convey?
I No.
No.
My name is Jacob.
I
I am scared.
Find your solace in the sky.
God is outside and inside of you.
He's you. That thank God comes from fear.
Oh brothers. Who to the west
through perils without number
now have reached to this.
The short remaining watch
that yet our senses have to wake.
Refuse not proof of the
unpeopled world that lies
beyond the sun.
Consider from which he sprayed.
He were not formed to
live the life of brute. but
but virtue to pursue a knowledge high.
Dear reader. ask yourself.
was I not discouraged
by those cursed words?
I thought I'd never make
it back to earth again.
Welcome Mr. Tosche.
It's so good to see you.
It's been a long time.
It's not me. But of course
I made that mistake.
A gentleman such as yourself
doesn't need a membership card.
Okay. thank you.
Julietta could have made
off with all my money.
Would've been the smart thing to do.
But there she is in all her re respondent
with lush nylon on her legs
and 10.000 in cash in each hand.
God. I love this woman.
Tre to tre settle.
You have to go right
now. Forget your things.
Take the money and go. It's over.
Remember the address in room F. Staff
police. that's his name.
Go for the labor up.
What do you mean. baby?
You've been a widow since the moment
you fell in love with me.
I've been a widow for 700
years until I met you again.
So
Where's the manuscript?
Uh uh.
The woman has it. No.
So.
Go please me to see your
face when I hold the loft.
Don't let go. You would've wanted that.
Well. Velocity.
your man lived in a world where
family still accounted for something.
He was a fool to trust
Joe that brought that in.
Perhaps his pet never lived to see the day.
Quiet.
Oh f♪♪k man.
Oh f♪♪k. I dunno. I
dunno. man. I don't have it.
I know as much as you did.
Somebody could have
already stolen it. Just show me.
Just show me.
I don't believe they support that thesis.
I'm not the only one acquainted
with the art of parsing verse.
It seems the woman is stormed between you.
your life and the text.
She doesn't even know it exists.
She doesn't know it exists.
You are amazing. I am amused by this game.
And I like the pussycat.
Quite curious if she values
your life above the money.
So
You will tell her that
your life will remain
yours if she returns.
What is ours? Otherwise.
I uh. I make a
puzzle of
you like a collage.
Yeah. Come already. Dad.
Wouldn't I have to lose.
When I finish with you?
You are right of hell with grand eloquence
that our poet ever did.
though I must say his. uh.
punishment for thieves was most elegant.
Is that necessary?
See. yes. It's definitely necessary.
As the thi takes what is to
others. so shall it own face
his own identity. be to from
him by the m of vicious things.
you shall learn of their sting.
And I repented.
I think I got it myself.
Julieta.
I said alarm. Put the gun
down and wheel him over.
Then you'll get what you want.
Sam. all I want is the manuscript.
I'm sure you kept a few pages to yourself.
I overlooked this. If you behave.
You mean like this one?
Hey. but it'll gesture.
This cost us a million dollars.
What is the number to me if Nick is armed.
one more scratch and the rest will
flatter. Like butterflies.
No scratch angle.
You expect me to believe you value his life
over the manuscript.
I never met a woman like that.
I swear I'll throw it all
away. Put the gun down.
Put the manuscript down. Put the gun down.
Put the gun down.
He's safe. Oh. scratch.
I put the gun down. Yes.
I'll throw it away. If you
don't put it down. Now.
Put the manuscript down.
I am going
here.
I'm taking care of it.
Taking care of what?
You've already counted the
money and yet not of the library.
My thesis. the people of Italy.
What about what I wanted?
Are you mad? We have succeeded.
The best option in us
hope we have is. is to sell it.
I cannot help but re regard this poem. Ms.
My property as it's sublime. Ca it worst.
Thanking My praise. the
intended bride of his immortal soul.
Cia.
I'm not.
By Canin.
Thou notice is a woodman far
better than by might by canon
to doth the helmsman
on a wind dark deep guide.
a right rioter swift ship that is buffeted
by winds and by kain.
Thus. charity tear
proves better charity tear.
Kain kain.
I've been waiting for you.
Les.
You can call me whatever
you like. So you're dead.
Now. You're the second victim of
that unfortunate instance that has come
to me in us many days.
Another two came to me
seeking death for incarnation
and those days proceeding
that. uh. unpleasantness
that I made sure that I placed him properly
on the morning of your vanishing.
How did you know? Same
way. I know you are the one.
The one. The one
who has the manuscript.
I know much about Dante.
I don't know anything about a manuscript.
I make no inquiries that
do not pertain directly.
To me.
Some people such as yourself.
reveal much more without meaning to do so.
Who do you work for? I mean.
the very foolish and the very arrogant say
that they were for themselves.
And I'll say though. that I work
for the Lord of the world.
Or let's just say lords.
maybe I simply work for you.
Is that an ashtray? It's
whatever you want it to be.
Now. Where was I?
Hello. Thank you.
Thank you.
I cannot now go forth into
the silence of this wisdom.
As a very soon shall go forth.
I must here and now cease
to be a writer in the wretched
sense of that profession.
I must here and now leave
all of artful ham behind me.
I myself could be banished.
but my dignity could
be banished only by me.
The money comes in waves.
113 pages have been sold.
There are some pages
that I will never sell.
The first page of the
inferno. the final page
of the Paradiso. and the
last page of parchment
before the first page of paper.
Hi. Hi.
I have something to show you.
Okay. Something I was afraid to reveal
until the time was right.
I almost buried it with my hopes.
Tempus Fuji.
Time flies. But
it is breath that is the winged thing.
It's our breath that flees.
My breath. flees upon your words.
I
And your search come forth from
the tomb of your seeking.
Come forth into the light
and be filled with the scent
of the every blade of grass.
of your soul and the every blade
of grass. of the every moment of this life.
Come forth and embrace me.
And what brought you forth from the tomb?
A breeze.
Jim?
Yes. My sweet Dante. Is it really you?
Yes. But this time I will
be of joy. Immeasurable.
With that. my soul woke up from its eclipse
while my lady's name rose to my lips.
God. that is hidden from
man. I have found her.
I don't believe in an interventionist God.
but I know darling that you do.
But if I did. I would
kneel down and ask him
not to intervene when it came to you.
Well. not to touch your hair
and your head leave
you as you all they felt.
He had to direct you
and direct you into my.
into my.
into my arms.
And I don't believe in
the existence of angels
by looking at you.
I wonder if that's true.
But if I did. I would summon them together
and ask them to watch over you.
Well. to each burn a candle
for you to make bride and clear
and to walk like Christ in grace and love
and guide you into my all.
into my Lord.
into my all.
into my.
Lord. into my.
But I believe in love
and I know that you do.
And I believe in some kind of path.
The weekend walk down me and you.
So keep your candles burning.
Make a journey bride
and pure that you'll keep returning always.
oh Lord. into my.
How many moments gang your seeds.
how many people gang your.
how many places your can you
be in?
You tired?
How many shoes were received?
How many of them can your key.
whatever happened to your feet?
You
round. round.
round. round. round. round.
down and down and down and down.
How many pictures scan your frame?
How many words do they contain?
How many of them.
how many doors can you open?
How many keys are they holding?
How many more.
Are.
Round. round. round. round.
down.
round. round. round. round.
down and down and down and down.
Sometimes love
without excuse right on the fly.
Sometimes love. die.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today